the juggling help kids of course in so
many ways I don't know where to start
I think it starts with our founder Lou
tomorrow he's he's a dreamer he's a
visionary he's a really passionate man
and he's inspired so many of us to get
involved with this mission in you know
it's gonna make me sound old in today's
world of you know such a fast pace so
much going on all this craziness I feel
like kids don't have that opportunity as
often to just sit and focus on one thing
and really persevere and try to
accomplish a specific task and I feel
like juggling gives them an opportunity
to do that a juggling life we have kids
work together with other kids we have
young volunteers who are teaching other
kids how to juggle so there's an aspect
oh so social aspect in the aspect of
teamwork and cooperation which is really
nice everyone that works with it is just
excellent people and always have a smile
that happen help people and it's really
great experience for sure the world
always likes helping children it's all
made a joke never gets
it's off on anyone can't juggle mr. Lowe
does so many good things he's just
really well I really enjoy it and it
helps a lot of kids yeah we all come
from different backgrounds we're all
culturally different it brings together
this great talented group of people and
we get to showcase that for kids who are
less fortunate might be people that
teach Java but we focus on this vantage
kids cancer camps Boys and Girls Clubs
things such as that so I think that
means it unique and it has been unique
because I don't really know anything
that does exactly the same thing it's a
great practice of life because life is
juggling juggling life that's where they
get it from so you know they thought if
you drop what some doesn't work out for
your life just try again and try to get
it eventually be a little bit better you
look better in persistence is really you
know it's really nice to see kids you
know to see them achieve something to
see how good they feel about themselves
when they do
and how that can open up the door to the
willing to try out and to
can tell you one more you and me give me
some know
me
you and me
lesson by the end of the day it's just
amazing to see the reactions change and
how much interest they put into
something that the otherwise thought
impossible or not important when you
start to juggle like it helps you better
at sports and tasks in school and like
it helps you relax and enjoy
I like to I like to say a quote that one
of my third-grade students said to me
once
what juggling makes me feel like I can
do anything
it just that kind of says it all on that
you know that third grader inspired me
and that's why we're here doing this
you
you and me